JOHN DOE
MARKET STREET    SAN FRANCISCO, CA , 09800     (123)-456-789        john@gmail.com

Creative Front-End Developer offering 9+ years of experience providing high-impact web solutions for diverse industry organizations. Skilled in designing, developing and testing multiple web-based applications incorporating a range of technologies. Aspiring to combine broad background with strong technical skills to excel as a Front-End Developer.

Professional Experience
DP TECHNOLOGY CORP., Camarillo, CA 
Front End Developer, September 2015 – Present

Manage website development projects from initial design through completion, optimizing all cross-browser and multi-platform compatibility.
Work closely with programmers and clients to meet project requirements, goals, and desired functionality.
Develop and integrate customized themes into WordPress, PHP-Fusion, and Concrete5.
Conduct training for clients on handling website content management systems.
Enable site-wide promotions by programming HTML5 canvases to animate particles on web backgrounds.

VOKO COMMUNICATIONS, Plano, TX
Front End Developer, June 2011 – August 2015

Developed websites from front to backend using PHP, JavaScript, and HTML.
Enhanced user experience and accomplish webpage objectives by creating site structure, navigation, page optimization, and graphics integration.
Implemented enhancements that improved web functionality and responsiveness.
Designed and maintained both corporate and client websites, using scripting languages and content management systems including WordPress.

Education
RIVER BROok university, Chicago, IL
Bachelor of Science in Computer Science, May 2011

Honors: cum laude (GPA: 3.6/4.0)

Additional Skills
Adobe Creative Suite - Photoshop, Illustrator, In Design, Fireworks.
Angular, HTML5, CSS/Bootstrap, JavaScript/Typescript, Reactive Programming, C#, SQL, PHP, JavaScript, jQuery, JSON, ASP.NET CORE, MVC, and Web API
WordPress, Drupal CMS, MailChimp, Exact Target, Aweber, Benchmark

Dear Job Seeker,

If you’re struggling to write your resume, don’t worry. You’re in good company – everyone has difficulties making a resume. For a high quality resume that will land you employment, we recommend consulting the certified experts at Resume Writer Direct.

Or, here’s some other content that might help you finish your resume.

Free Resume Builder
How to Write a Resume
Resume Samples by Industry

Oh, and by the way, you’re also going to need a cover letter.

Cover Letter Builder
How to Write a Cover Letter
Cover Letter Examples by Industry

